#+TITLE: SPS Executive Meeting Minutes (09/11/24)
#+AUTHOR: Joseph Hand

* Introduction
** Parker bragged about their Arch (BTW) setup.
*** There were technical difficulties.

** Call to order
** Roll call
All listed below were present:
- Joseph

** Approval of previous minutes
* Old Business
** Bank Account Access
Dane and Parker will go to the bank.
We have a letter from Kristin.

** Game Making
* New Business
** Long-terms plans
*** Charity
Giving money to the community
Ideas:
+ Science in Drag
+ Possibly incorporating charity into the game jam event.
+ Collaboration with other STEM clubs
*** Budget
+ 2022 budget
+ Keep department costs low, ideally under $2000
*** Outreach/Demos
+ New demos requires time and money
+ Contact faculty about donating equipment
+ Make documentation for each demo
+ Meeting to make new demos (such as a Saturday)
+ Have a larger group of people handling outreach
+ Getting to more outreach events
+ Make outreach more organized to reduce the burden of organization
  + More professional
+ Add astronomy demos
+ Donation box during outreach
+ Telescope nights
  + People with telescopes: Joseph, Gabi, Seth's Uncle
  + Radio telescope
+ Demos channel on the Discord
+ NASA Hackathon Oct 2-3
+ Lunar Eclipse Mar. 13-14
+ Demos/outreach comittee
  + Tyson will organize this
*** Fundraising
+ Tabled for next meeting
** Plan for Fall 2024 Meetings
+ Meeting on 9/18: Professional development
+ Next exec meeting on 10/9, another one on 11/6
+ Reschedule 11/27 meeting to 11/20, make it a fun meeting
+ Reschedule last meeting to 12/4 to allow for studying for finals
+ Plan faculty talk on 10/2
  + Backup is Nigel Cheese/movie night

* Action Items
+ Dane and Parker will go to the bank with Kristin's letter.
+ Joseph will put together a document about the game jam and send it to Dhwani.
+ Dhwani will reach out to the ACM exec regarding the game jam.
+ Joseph will put together a proposal for a charity event.
+ Dayne will have an accurate budget before next meeting.
+ Tyson will organize and hold a demos comittee meeting before next meeting.
+ Parker will make a demos channel
+ Parker will email Kristin about schedule changes
+ Parker will reach out to faculty for 10/2 meeting
+ Parker will fill out rest of schedule
